fix description --oidc-issuer-url.md (#42941)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication.md

| Parameter | Description | Example | Required |
| --------- | ----------- | ------- | ------- |

> | `--oidc-issuer-url` | URL of the provider which allows the API server to discover public signing keys. Only URLs which use the `https://` scheme are accepted.  This is typically the provider's discovery URL without a path, for example "https://accounts.google.com" or "https://login.salesforce.com".  This URL should point to the level above .well-known/openid-configuration | If the discovery URL is `https://accounts.google.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`, the value should be `https://accounts.google.com` | Yes |

Reviewer: I think we can take the question of “above“ or ”below” off the table:
```suggestion
| `--oidc-issuer-url` | URL of the provider that allows the API server to discover public signing keys. Only URLs that use the `https://` scheme are accepted.  This is typically the provider's discovery URL, changed to have an empty path | If the issuer's OIDC discovery URL is `https://accounts.provider.example/.well-known/openid-configuration`, the value should be `https://accounts.provider.example` | Yes |
```

Author: @sftim, your proposal is better than what is currently in the documentation, because without position words the ambiguity disappears.

Reviewer 2: @nnlkcncff Are you planning to revise based on the comments provided by @sftim ?

Author: @tengqm, sorry, I thought I've included the suggestion of @sftim and there was no longer any need for other actions. I've added his changes.
